It's not about the ancestors of my grandchildren.
I, Zhao Ruolan, am sorry for you.
Shame on you
Dear fathers and villagers
I, Zhao Ruolan, am sorry for you.
Let you suffer with me
From now on
I, Zhao Ruolan
It has nothing to do with Zhaojiacun
I am no longer from Zhaojiacun
What do you mean?
I can apologize to you.
I can also kneel for you
I can also admit that I am a liar
But that's just me.
It has nothing to do with Zhaojiacun
Girl, stop talking
You don't have to apologize to them.
Let alone kneel down for the little day
girl
You were born into my Zhaojiacun
Death is the ghost of Zhaojiacun
Today their father and daughter
No one will leave Zhaojiacun for half a step
how
Are you Zhaojiacun people going to cover him up?
The people of Zhaojiacun stand tall
If we can't protect a girl
What about the descendants of Wu Zhuangyuan?
If you want to block, don't block it
That's right, we have to advance and retreat with Zhao Ruolan
No one is allowed to bully him
Advance and retreat with Zhao Ruolan